Method Descriptions:

Known issues I faced and bugs I came across: One of the first issues I came across was facing the task of receiving the right input into my arrays. When initially storing values into my arrays, I used a variety of different struct variables to use one array and store strings into these structs. However, due to the syntax of C, I had trouble storing whole words into it and instead would only put the first character of the tasks. This was solved using strcpy. Next, I was quite naive as the project description described and went with using arrays as nearly everyone else I talked to used Linked list. A problem I soon came to realize that was quite a big issue was the fact that while initialization was simpler using arrays, resizing and doing memory allocation was not. I realized that figuring out how to allocate the proper amounts of memory and sorting through the array to allow for those big blocks of memory when tasks and process IDs were released stumped me for quite a long time. Lastly, one of my next major issues, excluding minor ones like tracing through the arrays and such was next fit. I didn't quite understand how to go about doing this because Next fit was overall just too confusing me and its a shame it was the one worth the most points too.

Shoutouts: I'd like to give a huge shoutout to Nathan from Kerber Scholars as everytime I came to him over the past few weeks he would help me on my problems as well as I witnessed him helping many others that were stuck like me too.
